Following Kerr's comments, the Warriors released a statement saying Curry has a mild to moderate groin strain.

Curry suffered the injury in the third quarter while trying to contest a play by Bucks guard Eric Bledsoe. He stayed in for a few more moments before heading to the locker room and did not return.

The Warriors were breathing a collective sigh of relief Friday knowing that the injury could have been worse. Warriors backup point guard Quinn Cook will start in Curry's place against the Nets.

"[Curry's] doing fine," Kerr said. "He's a little bummed out, but I think the MRI was basically good news. So this doesn't look like it's going to be a long-term injury. So he's disappointed, but it could have been a lot worse."

The Warriors play a back-to-back on the road against the LA Clippers on Monday and at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday that Curry may miss as well.




The United States of America (USA), commonly known as the United States (U.S. or US) or America, is a country composed of 50 states, a federal district, five major self-governing territories, and various possessions.[fn 6] At 3.8 million square miles (9.8 million km2), the United States is the world's third- or fourth-largest country by total area[fn 7] and slightly smaller than the entire continent of Europe's 3.9 million square miles (10.1 million km2). With a population of over 325 million people, the U.S. is the third most populous country. The capital is Washington, D.C., and the largest city by population is New York City. Forty-eight states and the capital's federal district are contiguous in North America between Canada and Mexico. The State of Alaska is in the northwest corner of North America, bordered by Canada to the east and across the Bering Strait from Russia to the west. The State of Hawaii is an archipelago in the mid-Pacific Ocean. The U.S. territories are scattered about the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, stretching across nine official time zones. The extremely diverse geography, climate, and wildlife of the United States make it one of the world's 17 megadiverse countries.[19]

